samples: openthread: enable PSA crypto API in non-secure builds (#6091)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

  * The sample has been removed.
    nRF Cloud A-GPS and P-GPS are demonstrated in the :ref:`gnss_sample` sample.

OpenThread samples
------------------

* Added:

  * Support for ``nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpuapp_ns`` build target for :ref:`zephyr:nrf5340dk_nrf5340`.

>     This allows to build the OpenThread samples with Trusted Firmware-M and the usage of PSA crypto API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    This allows to build the OpenThread samples with Trusted Firmware-M and the PSA crypto API support.
```

Author: Done.
